feat(vulnerabilities): add option to add summary to dashboard (#21766)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

The labels only get updated when the Dependency Dashboard issue updates its content and/or title.
It is pointless to edit the labels, as Renovate bot restores the labels on each run.

> ## dependencyDashboardOSVVulnerabilitySummary

Reviewer: Shouldn't we mention that it requires the osv vulnerabilities feature to be turned on, or this will do nothing?

Author: The options are independent.    
The user can use both as well as one or the other.

Reviewer: Let's mention that then?

> Use this option to control if the Dependency Dashboard lists the CVEs for your repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this option to control if the Dependency Dashboard lists the OSV-sourced CVEs for your repository.
This feature is independent of the `osvVulnerabilityAlerts` option.
```

> Use this option to control if the Dependency Dashboard should have a section that shows the CVEs for your repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use this option to control if the Dependency Dashboard lists the CVEs for your repository.
```

The source of these CVEs is [OSV.dev](https://osv.dev/).

You can choose from:

> - `none` (default) no section will be added

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `none` (default) do not list any CVEs
```

> - `unresolved` show vulnerabilities that have no fixes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `unresolved` list CVEs that have no fixes
```

> - `all` list all vulnerabilities

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `all` list all CVEs
```

The labels only get updated when the Dependency Dashboard issue updates its content and/or title.
It is pointless to edit the labels, as Renovate bot restores the labels on each run.

## dependencyDashboardOSVVulnerabilitySummary

> Use this option to control if the Dependency Dashboard lists the OSV-sourced CVEs for your repository.
> This feature is independent of the `osvVulnerabilityAlerts` option.
> 
> The source of these CVEs is [OSV.dev](https://osv.dev/).
> 
> You can choose from:
> 
> - `none` (default) do not list any CVEs
> - `unresolved` list CVEs that have no fixes
> - `all` list all CVEs
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use this option to control if the Dependency Dashboard lists the OSV-sourced CVEs for your repository.
You can choose from:

- `none` (default) do not list any CVEs
- `unresolved` list CVEs that have no fixes
- `all` list all CVEs

This feature is independent of the `osvVulnerabilityAlerts` option.

The source of these CVEs is [OSV.dev](https://osv.dev/).

```

I think the list of option is more important than the "independent" and "CVE source" text.

Configure this option if you prefer a different title for the Dependency Dashboard.

> ## dependencyDashboardVulnerabilitySummary

Reviewer: If this applies only to OSV vulnerabilities then it seems misnamed/under-documented

Author: My expectation has been that we transition osv to the standard way of doing vulnerabilities. If that's not the case, it makes sense to rename it.

Reviewer: Dependabot alerts seem preferable when available because they allow dismissal of alerts per repo

> Set this function to control if a summary of the CVEs affected should be added to the dependency dashboard.
> 
> Available options are:
> 
> - `none` ( default ) no section will be added.
> - `unresolved` only vulnerabilities will be added if there are no fixes available.
> - `all` list all vulnerabilities which affect this repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use this option to control if the Dependency Dashboard should have a section that shows the CVEs for your repository.

The source of these CVEs is EDIT SUGGESTION TO INSERT LINK HERE.

You can choose from:

- `none` (default) no section will be added
- `unresolved` show vulnerabilities that have no fixes
- `all` list all vulnerabilities
```

Changes:

- Rewrite
- Drop punctuation at end of list items
- Use simple words and phrases
- Add draft text that explains the source of the CVEs (you need to fill this out)

Configure this option if you prefer a different title for the Dependency Dashboard.

## dependencyDashboardOSVVulnerabilitySummary

> Use this option to control if the Dependency Dashboard should have a section that shows the CVEs for your repository.

Reviewer: Needs clarity about the dependency/limitation of it being the osv alerts and not github's
